This code base is used to process and analyze modeled streamflow developed by Scripps Institute of Oceanography for the 4th Climate Summit, using bias-corrected inputs from ten GCMs as inputs to the Variable Infiltration Capacity model. Streamflow data is stored as netCDF files and requires a specific package (Xarray) to open the dataset. 

To complement analyses on the Merced River, a subset of 19 locations are used, out of 59 total (see the scripps_west_sierras csv file). These sites represent the western slope of the sierra in the elevation band of the Sierra Nevada Foothill ecoregion (defined as elevations between 150-1000m). 

Each model includes two emissions scenarios, RCP4.5 and RCP8.5. Outputs from both scenarios are processed with the SFDA to create functional flow metrics, using parameters for hyrologic class 2, High Volume Snowmelt and Rain. Results were briefly checked for model outputs from both emissions scenarios across several models to ensure that SFDA parameters used were resulting in correctly-identified functional flow components. I was looking specifically to see if RCP8.5 emissions scenarios were well-represented by the Class 2 parameters, because enough warming could have shifted the flow regime into a different hydrologic class (likely Class 8, Perennial Groundwater and Rain). However, results appeared satisfactory with Class 2 parameters, although the dry season was in some cases set too early, before flow had fully receded. I had adjusted a few parameters manually to account for some correction in the dry season, which are stored in the run_merced_models branch on my local machine, and all parameters are available in the metadata file associated with each SFDA output. 